Improve readme + keep text when linter/completion mode is changing (#51)
prometheus-community/codemirror-promql: README.md

CodeMirror-promql
=================
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/prometheus-community/codemirror-promql.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/prometheus-community/codemirror-promql) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/codemirror-promql.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/codemirror-promql)

## Overview

> This project provides a mode for [CodeMirror Next](https://codemirror.net/6) that handles syntax highlighting, linter and autocompletion for the PromQL ([Prometheus Query Language](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides a mode for [CodeMirror Next](https://codemirror.net/6) that handles syntax highlighting, linting, and autocompletion for the PromQL ([Prometheus Query Language](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/)).
```

> Initially this code was in a private repository. It has been transferred to the `prometheus-community` organization (Thanks to [Julius Volz](https://github.com/juliusv) who helped us with that).
During the transfer, the repository and the package changed its name from `codemirror-mode-promql` to the current one: `codemirror-promql`.

### Status
This mode is **not** production ready. If you want to use it, you may encounter some issues.
API and usage of this mode can be deeply changed between two versions.

See the [Development](#development) section for more information on features and usage.

### Installation

> This mode is available as a npm package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode is available as an npm package:
```

```bash
npm install codemirror-promql
```

> **Note:** You will have to install on your own side [CodeMirror Next](https://codemirror.net/6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You will have to manually install [CodeMirror Next](https://codemirror.net/6) as a peer dependency.
```

Reviewer 2: @juliusv I think the "as a peer dependency" may not be exactly what you mean. CodeMirror Next is the peer dependency of this library, so the user must install CMN themselves, but as a normal dependency, not as a peer dependency (of the user's app)?

Reviewer: Oh yeah, good point. So maybe just:

```suggestion
**Note:** You will have to manually install [CodeMirror Next](https://codemirror.net/6), as it is a peer dependency to this package.
```

 * **prometheus**: This mode requires starting a Prometheus server listening on port 9090.
 * **offline**: This mode doesn't require anything.

 **Note:** To avoid CORS issues when testing LSP-based completion, the development web server running on port 8080 proxies LSP requests to the language server backend running on port 8000. Alternatively, if you decide to remove this proxying and want the browser to be able to speak to your LSP backend directly, start your browser with web security disabled.
 * Example for Google Chrome on Windows:
    * `<Win>` + `r`  and copy and paste `chrome.exe --user-data-dir="C:/Chrome dev session" --disable-web-security`

### Linter

The linter feature has 2 different modes, each requiring a different setup:

 * **lsp**: This mode requires the same setup as described before

>  * **offline**: this mode doesn't require anything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **offline**: This mode doesn't require anything
```

>  **Note:** Changing the linter mode at the runtime required to reload entirely CodeMirror. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Note:** Changing the linter mode during runtime requires reloading CodeMirror entirely. 
```
